Create template (#31)
eove/orca: docs/hardware_tokens.md

# Handling PIN locks

> [!Warning]  

> > There are several domains in some hardware tokens (PIV, OpenPGP, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Often, on hardware tokens, there are several domains (PIV, OpenPGP, ...), for encryption/decryption, we use the OpenPGP application.
```

Your selection? 2
```

# Using your hardware token on a different machine

If your want to use a machine where the keypair was not generated, you must:
* connect your hardware token
* import the exported public key using `gpg --import`
* run `gpg --card-status`

Both your public key and private key are now available for use on this new machine.

> [!Tip]  

> > If you didn't save you public key, there are [ways to use your hardware token anyway](https://www.nicksherlock.com/2021/08/recovering-lost-gpg-public-keys-from-your-yubikey/).

Reviewer: We should move this tip to the resources below (specific to yubikeys).
